# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?

On the SQL file

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?

ON THE CONSOLE

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

33  (DELETE WILL MODIFY THE DATABASE)

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

BECAUSE WE WANT THE DATABASE TO AUTO-ASSIGN THE id's TO ENSURE IT KEEPS PROPER TRACK OF CHANGES

Q5. Where and how do we assign the property id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby object?

WE ASSIGN IT ON THE SQL FILE WITH THE PRIMARY KEY METHOD


Q6. Why do we put a guard (an ‘if’ clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?



Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others, class methods?

THISE OF INSTANT METHODS ARE USED FOR INSTANT FUNCTIONS (PROPERTIES) WHILE THOSE ON CLASS ARE USED TO UPDATE WHOLE CLASS OBJECT

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by db.exec() and db.exec_prepared(), and how do we index into it to pull out a desired attribute?

PG FILES DATA STRUCTURE IS OUTPUT OF db.exec() and db.exec_prepared. WE INDEX INTO IT BY USING THE RIGHT RUBY CODE TO GET THE RETURN VALUE IN A FORM WE WANT.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

TO PREVENT HACKERS OR FOR PROTECTION OF THE DATABASE AGAINT a USER INPUTING DAMAGING


## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

find_by_id TAKES IN THE ID OF THE OBJECT'S PROPERTIES BEING SEARCHED while find_by_address TAKES IN THE ADDRESS STRING OF SEARCHED ITEM.

Q11. What are their return values?

THERE RETURN VALUE IS A HASH CONTAINING ALL THE PROPERTIES OF THE ITEM (ID, ADDRESS, NAME, ETC) SEARCHED
